Add documentation with an example (#6)
ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-hubspot.crm.associations: ballerina/README.md

## Overview

[HubSpot](https://developers.hubspot.com) is an AI-powered customer relationship management (CRM) platform.

The `ballerinax/hubspot.crm.associations` offers APIs to connect and interact with the [HubSpot Association Details API](https://developers.hubspot.com/docs/reference/api/crm/associations/association-details) endpoints, specifically based on the [HubSpot REST API](https://developers.hubspot.com/docs/reference/api).

## Setup guide

> To use the HubSpot Association details connector, you must have access to the HubSpot API through a HubSpot developer account and a HubSpot App under it. Therefore you need to register for a developer account at HubSpot if you don't have one already.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use the HubSpot Association connector, you need a HubSpot developer account and an associated app with API access. If you don’t have one, register for a HubSpot developer account first.
```

Author: done
